Disclosure control documentation update (#621)
opensafely/documentation: docs/releasing-files.md

**Running similar studies**
There may be cases where you have run an analysis and results have been released following approval from the output checking team, but at a later date you decide you want to make changes to the analysis such as adding an extra code to a codelist. This may result in small changes in the outputs that can be disclosive, ie, <=5 individuals have the new code recorded. In these cases, you may need to wait until there has been enough change in the underlying study population (due to the movement of patients between practices) before rerunning the study.
 
If you are likely to release data multiple times, e.g. for initial discussion with collaborators, use rounding of outputs initially and/or a threshold substantially higher than 5 for suppressing low numbers. 

## 2. Requesting release of outputs from the server

> Having applied disclosure controls to the aggregated study data, you are ready to request their release. **Only specific members of the OpenSAFELY team trained in output checking have permissions to release the data**. When you are ready to request a release of your aggregated results, and only the minimum outputs necessary please [complete this form](mailto:datarelease@opensafely.org) and email us at **datarelease@opensafely.org**. For each output wishing to be released you will need to provide a clear contextual description including:

Reviewer: link to form not correct - linked to email by mistake 

also email link needs the <email> added

## 4. Release of reviewed files

All approved OpenSAFELY outputs are released to the workspace they belong to on the [jobserver](https://docs.opensafely.org/job-server/). 

### Viewing released outputs

View your released outputs by navigating to "Released Outputs" in the "Releases" section of your jobserver workspace.

These outputs can be shared with project collaborators and published in line with our [data sharing and publication policy](https://www.opensafely.org/policies-for-researchers/#acknowledgment-and-data-sharing--publication-policy). Please note that you should check this for each dataset that you have used: rules may vary.

!!! warning
    Data may only be shared with individuals without Level 4 access after they have been released outside of the secure area. You MUST NOT screen share (or share via any other means) any results that have not been released through the official process.

### Reporting a data breach

> If you discover files released to the jobserver that have been insufficiently redacted and still contain sensitive information, you should immediately contact and email the following (providing as much information as possible): Amir Mehrkar (amir.mehrkar@phc.ox.ac.uk); Ben Goldacre (ben.goldacre@phc.ox.ac.uk); [disclosurecontrol@opensafely.org](mailto:disclosurecontrol@opensafely.org); and your co-pilot. Ensure you do not share these files and if they have already been shared please identify as best as possible with whom they have been shared.

Reviewer: needs <> around Amir and Ben email addresses too.

## How are files reviewed

Before any files are released from the secure server, they are checked by two independent trained OpenSAFELY output checkers. Each output is marked as:

* Approve - output meets disclosure requirements and is safe to be released from the server
* Approve subject to change - output is an acceptable output type but has outstanding disclosure issues that should be addressed before release from the server

> * Reject - output is no an acceptable output type for release. An example is the release of practice level data which does not meet the [permitted study results policy](https://www.opensafely.org/policies-for-researchers/#permitted-study-results-policy)

Reviewer 2: suggestion: a very slight editorial polish here :sparkles:

```suggestion
Before any files are released from the secure server, they are checked independently by two trained OpenSAFELY output checkers. Each checked output is marked as one of the following categories:

* **Approve** — output meets disclosure requirements and is safe to be released
* **Approve subject to change** — output is an acceptable type for release, but has outstanding disclosure issues that must be addressed before release
* **Reject** — output is not an acceptable type for release. An example is the release of practice level data which does not meet the [permitted study results policy](https://www.opensafely.org/policies-for-researchers/#permitted-study-results-policy)
```

Quick summary:

* some small edits for readability
* emphasise the three output review outcomes
* use em-dash instead of hyphen

Author: I appeared to have messed up incorporating this suggestion, but pulling all these changes in separately!

Once reviewed, the completed review request will be emailed back to you. If all outputs are approved, they will then be released. If one or more outputs are approved subject to change, you will need to address the disclosure issues and submit a new review form detailing the changes you have made.
## Release of reviewed files

All approved OpenSAFELY outputs are released to the workspace they belong to on the [jobserver](https://docs.opensafely.org/job-server/). 

### Viewing released outputs

> You can view released outputs by navigating to "Released Outputs" in the "Releases" section of your jobserver workspace. These outputs can be shared with project collaborators and published in line with our [data sharing and publication policy](https://policies-for-researchers.opensafely/policies-for-researchers/#acknowledgment-and-data-sharing--publication-policy). Please note that you should check this for each dataset that you have used: rules may vary.

Reviewer 2: suggestion: another very slight edit

```suggestion
View your released outputs by navigating to "Released Outputs" in the "Releases" section of your jobserver workspace.

These outputs can be shared with project collaborators and published in line with our [data sharing and publication policy](https://www.opensafely.org/policies-for-researchers/#acknowledgment-and-data-sharing--publication-policy). Please note that you should check this for each dataset that you have used: rules may vary.
```

* Split out the important point from the extra detail.
* Fix the URL that got mangled here in the edit.
  * In any case, I believe that this is an outdated preview URL, with older content [^1] — *but feel free to correct me*!

[^1]: For instance, the ONS-CIS content is missing from this `.dev` URL. See the similar update I made in the [job-server application form pages](https://github.com/opensafely-core/job-server/pull/1641) this week.
